the default option of a select (#36658)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/element/select/index.md

The above example shows typical `<select>` usage. It is given an `id` attribute to enable it to be associated with a {{htmlelement("label")}} for accessibility purposes, as well as a `name` attribute to represent the name of the associated data point submitted to the server. Each menu option is defined by an {{htmlelement("option")}} element nested inside the `<select>`.

> Each `<option>` element should have a [`value`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/option#value) attribute containing the data value to submit to the server when that option is selected. If no `value` attribute is included, the value defaults to the text contained inside the element. You can include a [`selected`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/option#selected) attribute on an `<option>` element to make it selected by default when the page first loads. The first element will be selected as the default if none is specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each `<option>` element should have a [`value`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/option#value) attribute containing the data value to submit to the server when that option is selected. If no `value` attribute is included, the value defaults to the text contained inside the element. You can include a [`selected`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/option#selected) attribute on an `<option>` element to make it selected by default when the page first loads. If no `selected` attribute is specified, the first `<option>` element will be selected by default. If multiple `<option>` elements have `selected` attributes specified, the last one in the source order will be selected by default.
```
